# 0x00-Webpack

## Description
This directory contains a series of tasks on webpack as part of Alx learning objectives.

## Tasks
- **Task 0**:
  - Create and run Webpack using a basic installation.

- **Task 1**:
  - Installing packages:
    - Create a folder named task_1, cd into it, and create a package.json using `npm init -y`.
    - Install webpack (dev dependency), jQuery (dependency), and Lodash (dependency) within the folder using npm.
    - Modify your package.json to add a build script that runs webpack to create a production build. This lets you execute `npm run build` on the command line.

- **Task 2**:
  - Create a specific configuration for Webpack:
    - Using the folder named task_2.
    - Reuse the code from task_1.
    - Modify the webpack config to support adding CSS to the bundle.
    - Modify the webpack config to support adding images to the CSS.
    - Create a folder named css.
    - In a file named `main.css`, change the position of the counter text to be displayed on the right of the button and in bold.
    - Add an element at the top of the document with the id #logo which has a width of 200px and height of 200px.
    - Set the background of the element with the image in `task_2/assets/holberton-logo.jpg` (you can download this link).
    - Set the width and height of the logo background image to 200px by 200px.
    - Make sure to configure Webpack to optimize images.
    - When running Webpack, your javascript and html files should be generated in a public folder.
    - The javascript file generated by Webpack should be named `bundle.js`.
    - Set Webpack config mode to production.
    - Opening your main file should not generate any error in the console.
    - Your HTML code should only import one Javascript script (the one generated by webpack).
    - When running Webpack, you should not see the warning `WARNING in asset size limit: The following asset(s) exceed the recommended size limit`.

- **Task 3**:
  - Set up a development server:
    - Using the folder named task_3.
    - Reuse the code from task_2.
    - Modify the Webpack config to set up a development server running on the port 8564.
    - Modify the Webpack config to set its mode to development.
    - Add a script in the `package.json` to start the server and open the browser with `npm run start-dev`.
